yeah hey what's up everybody welcome to
my question and answer series part
today's questions are all about my
background in drumming and also what
kind of stuff i like to use when I play
drums so question number one is how long
have you been drumming and I used to
have all this information on my youtube
profile so that everyone could kind of
see it when they go but YouTube recently
changed up the layouts and so I've had
to scale down my body and everything but
I've been playing for about 12 years
actually it's a little over 12 years um
I first started when I was like
somewhere between like six and eight I
got some drumsticks and was just kind of
messing around with everything so my
parents could tell that I really wanted
to play drums and my dad actually like
really like the drums and he was a kid
too and so he was inspired to have me
start and so I think it was when I was
eight that I first got a drum set and I
did plane ever since got my got my first
pearl forum and about eight years old
and it was awesome knocking a lot really
enjoyed it um second question is how do
you not get tired playing so fast um
well I'd love to say that I don't get
tired but I really get tired um I mean I
don't get tired like instantly like I've
got I could play for a while before I
get tired but at the end of some of
those videos where just some of the
crazy parts and everything and I'm
exhausted when I get done so I mean you
can you can definitely build up build up
stamina and like I mean it's just the
one you practice the more you play the
better the better endurance you'll have
as far as playing drums and so I mean
all I can say is that I've been planning
for a long time and there's a lot of a
lot of situations where I play for long
periods of time I play for Georgia
state's basketball band and there's
sometimes we'll play for like 10-15
minutes straight and I like to jam and
so I'm just going at it as hard as I
possibly can so you you get really tired
by the end but just all those all those
experiences
you kind of build up your strength in
your your endurance as far as drumming
goes um what do you practice ah see I
used to practice some like I'd have
liked exercises and stuff that I kind of
did but I've never built really been
much of a person that like sits down for
hours at a time like works on a specific
thing my personal practice is like I get
it from like the experiences and I mean
nowadays it's mostly from the covers
that I do like every cover I try and I
try and vary it up and have different
things involved that I haven't worked on
before or something new that I've never
tried and so like you can watch them on
my videos like if you check out midnight
run by Flux Pavilion my drum cover of
that song I had to practice for about 30
minutes before the song to get the the
right hand Tom part down while I was
doing to be with my left hand and so
personally like if I was to give you
some advice on what to practice I would
just say that um that actually working
on drum covers and like learning other
drummers parts and like adding your own
parts to other drivers parts all of that
can really make you a better drummer um
I mean personally I feel I can't even
describe how much I think I've gotten
better in the past eight months of
making these videos like if I if I'd
looked at Matt greiner's metal parts
from an ABR cover like eight months ago
I mean I might have been able to play it
with some practice but now it's like it
just comes so much easier from all the
experience that I've had and so that and
also like if you play a lot of gigs and
you play in a lot of different
situations like talent comes just it
just comes like I can't really say that
any one thing has like helped me to get
to where I am it's really just all of it
that has really gotten me to where I am
now alright next question is what brands
do you use now I started putting it on
all my videos and I haven't listed on my
YouTube page and everything but as far
as when I play goes I am an
addaperle endorser um I love all their
stuff I will swear up and down that
they're the best jump brand out there
and I mean personally I've played a
bunch of other brands and I haven't
found 1i like more I've played pearl all
my life and so I play there I played a
drum set I use a pearl lx7 piece Ruby
fade and those are my drum so I've got a
couple other pearl snare drums as well
but then I also have support pearl
hardware I used the icon 3-series rack
or three sided ragna three series and I
use all of their symbol stands and
basically anything on my drum set that
it's hardware is pearl well as you can
see by the shirt I rock with a diamond
dr pearl eliminator few thousand two
double pedals and can't say enough about
how awesome they are then I play
zildjian cymbals um I love zildjian I
always have I always wanted to have a
zildjian cymbals but before I use to
kind of a mix of symbols but zildjian
has always been my favorite brand and I
will swear up and down there the best
out there I love them and then I use
remote drum heads um I actually there's
a few Evans on my drum set right now but
i prefer Remo and when I buy drum heads
I use Remo that Evans heads on my kids
are from a long time ago and a lot of
them are just that I just haven't
replaced yet and so when it comes to
heads I love to use Remo and when it
comes to six I love big fish sticks and
I've been messing around with a bunch of
different big fish sticks recently I
love to buddy rich signatures um they're
a little thin so I break them really
easily so I don't usually buy those but
a dumb I really like any of the big
first white series the five bees and the
five days are all really nice and they
look really cool when you play with them
and the big question I've been getting a
lot recently especially since i put the
brand names
videos is Anna endorsed and the answer
to that is I'm not currently endorsed by
any of those companies I have not
applied for an endorsement yet i'm
waiting until I get a little bit bigger
following on youtube just because I feel
that if you want to be an official
artist you need to have the the
following and the exposure that it takes
to really promote a company as well as
they'd like you to promote them because
if they're going to help you out give
you stuff then you need to help them out
and play play their stuff and have have
enough of an audience that that wants to
wants to play their stuff too because of
what you do and so I'm actually I'm
probably going to start applying for
some endorsements soon and as I said
pearl drums zildjian cymbals Remo heads
and Victor sticks will be who i endorsed
with but as of right now i am not
endorsed by any of those companies but
now we'll tell a change soon i am
definitely working towards it and every
bit of support you give me helps so if
you keep sharing those videos the bigger
i get the better chance I have of being
able to become an official artist so
that concludes video session to make
sure that you subscribe to my second
channel for more videos like this and
leave any comments or questions down
below I will be happy to answer them in
another video or in the comments section
depending on what kind of question they
are and I have a great night